Dragon Ball Evolution
Exquisite wind
I knew you would come to my rescue
Good good little shadow wind
I remember your father taught you to make the most of everything
Even if it is a treasure
It's a waste not to put it where it should be.
Xiao Jingshan really made a good son
This is what my father told me
How do you know?
For 400 years, I have never shown anyone my true colors
If you see my face
How will you be?
Really gorgeous
It's true.
Even I have never seen my father's face
Hahahaha
Then I'll show you who I am
Listen to the wind, who is he?
No idea.
My son
Don't call me dad
What's the matter with listening to the wind?
Who the hell is he?
He's my dad.
That's not possible.
How is that possible?
Are you afraid?
Shocked
The person you want to deal with
He's your father?
You are not my father at all